Tweaks (#58)
vmstan/vmstio: docus/content/funding/costs.md

## Income

> The majority of our income comes from monthly subscriptions through Ko-Fi and Patreon, while a small number of members elect to subscribe annually through Open Collective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The majority of our income comes from monthly subscriptions through [Ko-Fi](https://ko-fi.com/vmstio) and [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/vmstan), while a small number of members elect to subscribe annually through [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/vmstio).
```

> Those annual subscriptions are represented here in the monthly total. (Subscription/12)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Annual subscriptions are represented [here](/funding/costs#expenses) in the monthly total.
```

Any other funding that comes through one-time tips or shop purchases are also represented below.

|               |                |
|---------------|----------------|
| Subscriptions | $398 per month |
| Tips & Merch  | $835 total     |

Numbers reflect raw donation numbers in USD, not reflective of Patreon or Stripe fees and/or exchange rates.

Last Updated: May 29, 2023.

## Expenses

At the moment all of our staff are volunteers, and our only expenses are monthly bills to our various server providers.

| **Vendor**    | **Monthly** |
|---------------|-------------|
| Digital Ocean | $287        |
| AWS           | $22         |
| n8n           | $20         |
| Netlify       | $20         |

Money is set aside to cover any tax expenses, or unforeseen costs.
Additional funds have also been used to make donations to open source software projects that we use, such as Mastodon, Elk and Matrix.

> We also periodically test different service offerings to decide if their long term use would be a good fit, but later discontinue their use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also periodically test different service offerings to decide if their long term use would be a good fit.
After a period of review and testing, we may discontinue such offerings if they do not contribute to the community as shown by use.
```
